LLVM Foundation Board Meeting Minutes

Date: 7/8/2016
Time: 10AM pacific time
Location: Video conferencing, multiple locations

Attendees:
- Present: Vikram Adve, Chandler Carruth, Doug Gregor, Chris Lattner,
  Tanya Lattner, Alex Rosenberg, David Kipping and Anton Korobeynikov
- Vikram dropped out of the call for part of the board reelection and
  developer meeting sections, but we caught him up when he rejoined.

Minutes
- VOTE: Unanimously approved the June 3, 2016 board meeting minutes.

Treasurer Report
- Not much to say: In a good position, not much activity this month. No one had
  any questions.

Board Re-election: Application, seats, timeline
- Current board elections expire on August 12.  We should re-elect the new board
  before then.
- Legally, if the board doesn’t get it done by then, then the existing board
  carries over until whenever the new one is voted in.
- The aim is to elect them in our August 8 meeting with an effective date of
  August 12.
- Discussion about the actual application form and what is important to capture,
  to increase transparency, more discussion will move to email.
- Goal is to send out application on July 13, provide a two week application
  period and make time to review applicants.

Developer meeting
- 88 applications so far.
- Tanya wants to change some things up in the format to improve it.
- Biggest complaints last year was the usefulness of the hackers lab, Tanya is
  brainstorming ways to improve it by adding more structure, and getting people
  to sign up to lead discussions ahead of time.
- Discussing adding a “research track” of talks, or a research BOF, to increase
  student participation and academic discussion.
- 10 year anniversary of the developer meeting, thinking about doing some sort
  of video that is fun to commemorate it during the reception, looking for ideas
  on what to do.  Maybe some sort of Razzie awards?

Code of conduct
- It landed.
- Chandler is going to have some discussions with people about how to form the
  advisory committee.
- At this point, the process isn’t decided, and the next steps aren’t clear.
  The goal is for this to get worked out by next month.
- It is critical to figure this out before the developer meeting.

LLVM Licensing
- No progress at all since last board meeting.  Next meeting to discuss this is
  Thursday July 14.

Infrastructure
- Hosting APT on AWS is live, on track for being about 3TB a month.
- Concerned about it being abusive, Tanya and Anton will reach out to the Travis
  people to see if they are using the right caching, etc.
- Anton talking to CDN providers that have discounts for open source projects.
- Anton and Tanya are evaluating different options and will continue discussing this.


Respectfully submitted,

Chris Lattner, Secretary
